in this business don't be spotted
and never surrender
great work up there kid things can get a
little rough when you cross the Empire
those ties tore apart the Falcon anyway
I have a little gift for you from some
friends it's not important but what is
important is that they paid me a lot of
money to bust you out personally I don't
care who you work for empire rebellion
either way you need money from what I've
seen you should be able to make some
easy credits kid this place needs all
the help it can get lately has been
overrun with thugs and scoundrels and
the stationmaster's powerless to stop
them an old contact a mind Jake felon
has a job he may take a little
convincing he's usually a pretty
upstanding guy though you should have no
trouble with him he'll be in the cantina
probably nursing a drink he likes
Corellian brandy
we are
fast in your profession and earn your
first skill press the one key she will
sign the ability to your right mouse
button then right-click any target to
use the ability
you will never a bit stronger and most
are ready to activate your character
sheet and view your vital
great work kid couldn't have done a
better job myself easy stuff huh any job
that you get paid for that leaves you
with your limbs and taxes easy right
anyway it enhances your reputation which
is always a good thing
I could also use a hand with the Falcon